This project is for a Campus tour app and supporting services that I am building for my Univserity, but it will be for many schools. I am in the middle of building it at the moment, and I need your help. You can find all the overaching documentation for this project in . I am in the process of handling the ambassador-led tour part of this product. We now need to work on the mobile app side of this portion (which you can find in ). You can find the next tasks we need to tackle under the 'in progess' section of @ambassador-led_kanban.md  . For understanding how the server works and what it expects, make sure to read through @index.js  and @tour-sessions.js  . 

After the ambassador starts the tour, I just want their view to go the main section of the app (the part with the tabs). Once in this view, the ambassador can control the tour through the "tour" screen and the users' current location tabs through their own "current location" tab. So we don't need a screen that has tour controls, as they will be in the screens that already exits, but will only be seen and accessed by the ambassador. This all can be done later. Also, I don't need anything with a qr code for now. Can you make those changes, and also add a screen the ambassador-led user journey.

This screen will be after the "interest selection" screen. It will be the tour details screen, but instead of having the "Start Tour" button, it will have something saying that you are waiting for the ambassador to start the tour. I want you to also use @tour-group-selection.tsx for this, just make it modular depending on if the user is an ambassador or in the tour group

Before we can continue though, we need to fix the connection manager in the mobile app. To connect to the web server, we need to prove we 

The next part I need to accomplish this is a websocket managed tour that works by the ambassador leading the tour from their phone. I have already handled logging in and account management (both in the webapp and mobile app portion of this project). I am now ready to handle the websocket management of tour sessions. Could you read through this project, particularly the mobile app portion (in MOBILE) and the server portion (in BACKEND). The idea is that the server will manage tour sessions, where those users that are in an ambassador-led tour in the app will have their tour managed by the ambassador. The ambassador will choose what media those in the group can see by selecting it, they will mark locations as visited and done, and they can edit the tour as needed. Those in the tour-group can do none of these things, but they will be able to see what the ambassador shows them (in the `current location` tab), and will be able to see tour progess. Ask me any questions as needed. I want you to make a list of items we need to accomplish to finish this portion of the project. 

## another section
